Add new SCIM endpoint (#4276)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/endpoints/scim/get_search_existing_dashboard_user.md

---
nav_title: "GET: Search Existing Dashboard User Account by Email"
article_title: "GET: Search Existing Dashboard User Account by Email"
alias: /get_search_existing_dashboard_user_email/
search_tag: Endpoint
page_order: 4
layout: api_page
page_type: reference
description: "This article outlines details about the Search Existing Dashboard User Account by Email Endpoint."
---

{% api %}
# Search for an existing dashboard user account by email
{% apimethod get %}
/scim/v2/Users?filter=userName eq “user@test.com”
{% endapimethod %}

> This endpoint allows you to look up an existing dashboard user account by specifying their email in the filter query param. Note that when the query parameter is URL encoded it will read like this:

Reviewer: For consistency with other endpoint docs
```suggestion
Use this endpoint to look up an existing dashboard user account by specifying their email in the filter query param. Note that when the query parameter is URL encoded it will read like this:
```
